Documentation updates for DataPrepper 2.8 (#7135)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/processors/aggregate.md

identification_keys | Yes | List | An unordered list by which to group events. Events with the same values as these keys are put into the same group. If an event does not contain one of the `identification_keys`, then the value of that key is considered to be equal to `null`. At least one identification_key is required (for example, `["sourceIp", "destinationIp", "port"]`).
action | Yes | AggregateAction | The action to be performed on each group. One of the [available aggregate actions](#available-aggregate-actions) must be provided, or you can create custom aggregate actions. `remove_duplicates` and `put_all` are the available actions. For more information, see [Creating New Aggregate Actions](https://github.com/opensearch-project/data-prepper/tree/main/data-prepper-plugins/aggregate-processor#creating-new-aggregate-actions).
group_duration | No | String | The amount of time that a group should exist before it is concluded automatically. Supports ISO_8601 notation strings ("PT20.345S", "PT15M", etc.) as well as simple notation for seconds (`"60s"`) and milliseconds (`"1500ms"`). Default value is `180s`.

> local_mode | No | Boolean | when `local_mode` is set `true`, the aggregation is locally in each of the Data Prepper nodes, instead of forwarding events to hash based on `identification_keys`. Default is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
local_mode | No | Boolean | When `local_mode` is set to `true`, the aggregation is performed locally on each Data Prepper node, instead of forwarding events to a specific node based on the `identification_keys` using a hash function. Default is `false`.
```

> local_mode | No | Boolean | When `local_mode` is set to `true`, the aggregation is performed locally on each Data Prepper node, instead of forwarding events to a specific node based on the `identification_keys` using a hash function. Default is `false`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
local_mode | No | Boolean | When `local_mode` is set to `true`, the aggregation is performed locally on each Data Prepper node instead of forwarding events to a specific node based on the `identification_keys` using a hash function. Default is `false`.
```

**Gauge**

> * `currentAggregateGroups`: The current number of groups. This gauge decreases when a group concludes and increases when an event initiates the creation of a new group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `currentAggregateGroups`: This gauge represents the current number of active aggregate groups. It decreases when an aggregate group completes and its results are emitted, and increases when a new event initiates the creation of a new aggregate group.
```

> * `currentAggregateGroups`: This gauge represents the current number of active aggregate groups. It decreases when an aggregate group completes and its results are emitted, and increases when a new event initiates the creation of a new aggregate group.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `currentAggregateGroups`: This gauge represents the current number of active aggregate groups. It decreases when an aggregate group completes and its results are emitted and increases when a new event initiates the creation of a new aggregate group.
```

> * `currentAggregateGroups`: This gauge represents the current number of active aggregate groups. It decreases when an aggregate group completes and its results are emitted, and increases when a new event initiates the creation of a new aggregate group.

Reviewer 2: "completes" => "is completed"?
